what is up guys it is brethren and I'm
here with another slime farm I like to
call this one my epic slime farm this is
one of me and bouncing we're working on
I did the coordinates to this it's I'll
leave the link in the description below
but actually there's a site where you
could find your coordinates to where you
should build your slime farm it was
originally made for the PC version but
it actually works on Xbox version as you
can see anyway so the canal drags into
the spot where you can see there where I
trap some it will actually drown them to
the size of the smaller ones that you
need that will shoot up this hatch here
and they'll actually go right up the
ladder into the room which I'm about to
show you guys I seen they get smaller
and then it feeds them right into this
little very goats right up the ladder
there it's really quite convenient this
way you don't have to go all the way to
the ground as well to check your slime
farm I'm gonna fast-forward it here on
the walk through back when we cut back
in I am going to cut to a scene where we
had a little bit more slime in the
reservoir here up at the top so all
right there's the walk through through
my yeah buddy right and here we go and
as you can see they pop right out here
right and it feeds them right into this
little room here and guys if you want me
to do a tutorial on this just let me
know me and bouncing have been working
on this for quite some time i'ma leave a
link in the description below to his
channel as well I believe he's gonna be
coming out with a full video on both the
episodes combined so like I said if you
want me to do a tutorial on exactly how
to build the canal system and and all
that it's very detailed let me know
this is brethren and until next time
guys peace out
you